ascanrulesBeta: add example alerts to HttpOnlySiteScanRule (#4752)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/ascanrulesBeta/CHANGELOG.md

## [47] - 2023-07-20
### Added

> - The Source Code Disclosure - File Inclusion and HttpOnlySiteScanRule now includes example alert functionality for documentation generation purposes (Issue 6119).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Source Code Disclosure - File Inclusion and HTTP Only Site rules now include example alert functionality for documentation generation purposes (Issue 6119).
```

Reviewer 2: It was not the final push, this needs to be moved to Unreleased.

- The following scan rules were added, having been promoted from Alpha:
  - Server Side Request Forgery
  - Text4shell (CVE-2022-42889)

> - HttpOnlySiteScanRule now includes example alert functionality for documentation generation purposes (Issue 6119).

Reviewer: Should be merged with the existing note on the same topic
